Security improvements (#504)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/security/secure-machines.rst

Machines with secure aspects enabled by FoundriesFactory
========================================================

> The Linux microPlatform™ provides machines with secure aspects enabled by default when using

Reviewer: I see the text below uses LmP abbreviation. Shouldn't we mention it here first like below?

```suggestion
The Linux microPlatform™ (LmP) provides machines with secure aspects enabled by default when using
```

  caution and only after understanding the critical implication of those commands.

.. include:: imx-generic-custom-keys.rst

Accessing Secure Storage
------------------------

> Once a device has been successfully fused and closed, the secure storage (RPMB) becomes available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once a device has been successfully fused and closed, the secure storage—Replay Protected Memory Block (RPMB)—becomes available.
```

> This is accessed through ``fiovb`` (Foundries.io Verified Boot) early trusted application from OP-TEE.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is accessed through ``fiovb`` (Foundries.io™ Verified Boot) early trusted application from Open Portable-Trusted Execution Environment (OP-TEE).
```

> By default, the secure storage only holds the variables used by ``aktualizr-lite`` to handle the updates, which are previously stored in ``uboot-env`` for non-fused boards. A user can extend this to store custom variables that need to be made secure, like mac addresses, serial numbers and other critical device information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the secure storage only holds the variables used by ``aktualizr-lite`` to handle the updates, previously stored in ``uboot-env`` for non-fused boards. You can extend this to store custom variables that need to be made secure, like mac addresses, serial numbers and other critical device information.
```

  caution and only after understanding the critical implication of those commands.

.. include:: imx-generic-custom-keys.rst

Accessing Secure Storage
------------------------

.. note::

>    The LmP leverages the eMMC Replay Protected Memory Block (RPMB) as secure storage. This section is only applicable for devices that provide this feature.

Author: @ricardosalveti I added a note, is this ok?

Reviewer 3: yup, thanks!
